In my profession as an electrician I look up to a lot of people. At least
in my work center of course I'm always going to be turning to the
person right beside me, the senior chief or even the master chief
of the command to kind of give me directions so that I can become a
better chief myself. I expect them to tell me when I'm messing up. I expect
them to kinda correct me in a lot of situations and to give
me lots of advice. So, in my work center it's going to be the next person,
next enlisted person in front of me. However, as an electrician
I also have a lot of respect for the academic side of the science.
So for instance when I read about things, read about nuclear technology
things and the way they are improving from MIT or from Berkeley
or from other places that, you know, promote nuclear technology then
I'm really proud of them as well, and that's why I started becoming
a university student myself because I want to follow in that direction.
I see our tech, our engineering field has a lot of room to expand
and I want to be a part of that. So I look to people promoting
engineering marvels.